opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
opuszczony/abandoned
skrócony/abbreviated
precyzyjny/accurate
uzależniony/addicted
uroczy/adorable, lovely, cute
przygodowy/adventurous
przestraszony/afraid
agresywny/aggressive
alkoholowy/alcoholic
ambitny/ambitious
starożytny/ancient
zły/angry, bad
ożywiony/animated
denerwujący/annoying
zaniepokojony/concerned, anxious
arogancki/arrogant
zawstydzony/ashamed
atrakcyjny/attractive
niesamowity/awesome
okropny/awful, terrible, horrible
podstawowy/basic
piękny/beautiful
korzystny/beneficial
najlepszy/best
stronniczy/bias
duży/large, big
gorzki/bitter
czarny/black
niebieski/blue
nudny/boring
jasny/bright, light
szeroki/broad, wide
złamany/broken
zajęty/busy
spokojny/calm, peaceful
zdolny/capable
ostrożny/careful, cautious
niedbały/careless
troskliwy/thoughtful, caring
urokliwy/charming
tani/cheap
radosny/cheerful
puszysty/chubby
czysty/clean
sprytny/clever
niezdarny/clumsy
zimny/cold
kolorowy/colorful
wygodny/comfortable
zdezorientowany/confused
zatłoczony/crowded
okrutny/cruel
ciekawy/curious
kręcony/curly
codzienny/daily
uszkodzony/damaged
niebezpieczny/dangerous
ciemny/dark
głęboki/deep
delikatny/gentle, delicate
pyszny/delicious
przygnębiony/depressed
zdecydowany/determined
inny/different
brudny/dirty
obrzydliwy/disgusting
suchy/dry
zakurzony/dusty
wczesny/early
wykształcony/educated, literate
wydajny/efficient
starszy/elderly
elegancki/elegant
zakłopotany/embarrassed
pusty/empty
zachęcający/encouraging
entuzjastyczny/enthusiastic
doskonały/excellent
ekscytujący/exciting
drogi/expensive
fantastyczny/fabulous, fantastic
sprawiedliwy/fair
wierny/faithful
sławny/famous
wyszukany/fancy
szybki/quick, rapid, fast
pełen strachu/fearful
nieustraszony/fearless
głupi/silly, foolish
zapominalski/forgetful
przyjazny/friendly
śmieszny/funny
szykowny/glamorous
wspaniały/glorious, terrific, magnificent, gorgeous
wdzięczny/grateful, thankful
wielki/great
chciwy/greedy
zielony/green
przystojny/handsome
szczęśliwy/lucky, happy
surowy/harsh
zdrowy/healthy
ciężki/heavy
pomocny/helpful
komiczny/hilarious
historyczny/historical
gorący/hot
ogromny/huge
humorystyczny/humorous
głodny/hungry
ignorujący/ignorant
nielegalny/illegal
wyobrażony/imaginary
nieuprzejmy/impolite
ważny/important
niemożliwy/impossible
niewinny/innocent
inteligentny/intelligent
interesujący/interesting
zazdrosny/jealous
wesoły/jolly
uprzejmy/kind, polite
legalny/legal
mały/small, little
pełen życia/lively
samotny/lonely
głośny/loud
męski/macho
magiczny/magical
masywny/massive
dojrzały/mature
złośliwy/mean
zabałaganiony/messy
nowoczesny/modern
wąski/narrow
wstrętny/nasty
niegrzeczny/naughty, rude
nerwowy/nervous
nowy/new
hałaśliwy/noisy
odżywczy/nutritious
posłuszny/obedient
otyły/obese
stary/old
zbyt pewny siebie/overconfident
różowy/pink
biedny/poor
potężny/powerful
cenny/precious
ładny/pretty
dumny/proud
cichy/quiet
rzadki/rare
czerwony/red
godny uwagi/remarkable
odpowiedzialny/responsible
bogaty/rich, wealthy
romantyczny/romantic
królewski/royal
tajemniczy/secretive
samolubny/selfish
poważny/serious
ostry/sharp
błyszczący/shiny
szokujący/shocking
krótki/short
nieśmiały/shy
szczery/sincere
chudy/skinny
szczupły/slim
wolny/slow
miękki/soft
pikantny/spicy
duchowy/spiritual
silny/strong
odnoszący sukcesy/successful
słodki/sweet
utalentowany/talented
wysoki/tall
gustowny/tasteful
smaczny/tasty
umiarkowany/temperate
napięty/tense
terapeutyczny/therapeutic
gruby/thick
cienki/thin
dokładny/thorough
malutki/tiny
brzydki/ugly
unikalny/unique
nieporządny/untidy
zmartwiony/upset, worried
zwycięski/victorious
gwałtowny/violent
ciepły/warm
słaby/weak
mądry/wise
dowcipny/witty
cudowny/wonderful
młody/young
młodzieńczy/youthful
